PET#help is a platform where people who care about animals have the opportunity to financially support an animal or directly adopt it.
When a person enters the site, they do not have the opportunity to view the catalog of pets in need until they register or login into their profile.

Users have access to the catalog and can view each pet individually in more detail. For each pet, the user can donate $5 or declare a desire to adopt it. While donations can be repeatedly, for each pet, a user can declare their desire to adopt it only once. While the status of an adoption request is "pending", the pet is still visible in the catalog and other users can submit donations and adoption requests for it. If an adoption request is rejected, the user who submitted it is not allowed to submit a request for the same pet again. If the request is approved, the pet acquires the status of "adopted" and is removed from the catalog. If there are requests for the same pet from other users, they are automatically denied. User can see all their requests along with their status. The user can see all the donations made by him.

The admin is the only one who has permission to add pets to the catalog. He can also edit and remove pets from the catalog. When a user makes a request for adoption, it is visible to the admin in the "pending" section. The admin decides whether to approve or reject a request, and in both cases the requests are stored in the "adoptions" or "rejected adoptions" section, respectively. When an application is approved, all other adoption applications for the same pet are automatically rejected. All donations with information about "donor" and "pet" are visible to the admin.
